Add documentation for core profiler and memory profiler in VSCode ext… (#1865)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/vscode-ext/tools/profiler-user-manual.md

# Get Started with Performance Profiling

### Running Core Profiler
   - If no Tizen device is connected and no Tizen emulators are running then launch Emulator Manager and launch the type of emulator you want to use for running and profiling your application.

     ![Launch Emulator](media/start_emulator.png)

   - Open the **Command Palette** and select **Tizen.NET: Run Tizen core profiler**.

     ![Run Memory Profiler](media/run_profiler.png)

>    - If everything is OK then the application starts as if you run it normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If everything is ok then the application starts as if you are running it normally.
```

     ![Tizen application running](media/profiling_app_started.png)

>    - Profiling progress window will be displayed with stop button in a new tab which shows live performance profiling of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Profiling progress window will be displayed with a "Stop" button in a new tab showing the application's live performance profiling.
```

     ![Close Application](media/profiling_progress.png)

>    - Profiling can be stopped by clicking stop button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Profiling can be stopped by clicking the "Stop" button.
```
